README.md, before:

# phpStack Template System

The phpStack Template System is a powerful and flexible package for PHP applications that provides template rendering, component management, and plugin support with HTMX integration. It offers a secure environment for executing plugins, advanced caching mechanisms, and tools for performance optimization.

## Installation

To install the phpStack Template System, use Composer:

```bash
composer require phpStack/template-system
```

## Documentation

For comprehensive documentation on how to use the phpStack Template System, please refer to the following resources:

1. [Comprehensive Guide](docs/comprehensive_guide.md) - Detailed explanation of all features and components.
2. [API Reference](docs/api_reference.md) - Complete API documentation for all classes and methods.

## Usage Examples

The `Examples` folder contains a set of practical examples demonstrating various features of the phpStack Template System:

1. [Basic Template Rendering](Examples/01_basic_template_rendering.php)
2. [Component Usage](Examples/02_component_usage.php)
3. [Plugin Implementation and Usage](Examples/03_plugin_usage.php)
4. [HTMX Integration](Examples/04_htmx_integration.php)
5. [Caching and Performance Profiling](Examples/05_caching_and_profiling.php)
6. [Plugin Conflict Resolution](Examples/06_plugin_conflict_resolution.php)

These examples provide practical, runnable code that developers can use to understand how to implement and use various features of the phpStack Template System in their projects.

## IDE Autocomplete Support

To enhance the development experience, we provide a stubs file for IDE autocomplete support. This file is automatically included when you install the package via Composer.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the phpStack Template System! Please see our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information on how to get started.

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have questions about using the phpStack Template System, please [open an issue](https://github.com/phpStack/template-system/issues) on our GitHub repository.

## Contact

For additional information or inquiries, you can reach our team at team@phpStack.dev.

---

Thank you for using the phpStack Template System! We hope it enhances your PHP development experience.

Commit message:

docs: create comprehensive documentation and README for phpStack Template System

README.md, after:

# phpStack Template System

The phpStack Template System is a powerful and flexible package for PHP applications that provides template rendering, component management, and plugin support with HTMX integration. It offers a secure environment for executing plugins, advanced caching mechanisms, and tools for performance optimization.

## Installation

To install the phpStack Template System, use Composer:

```bash
composer require phpStack/template-system
```

## Documentation

For comprehensive documentation on how to use the phpStack Template System, please refer to the following resources:

1. [Overview](src/documentation/Overview.md) - Introduction to the system's architecture and features.
2. [Installation Guide](src/documentation/Installation.md) - Step-by-step installation instructions.
3. [Usage Examples](src/documentation/UsageExamples.md) - Practical examples demonstrating various features.
4. [Configuration Guide](src/documentation/Configuration.md) - Details on configuring the system.
5. [Advanced Configuration](src/documentation/AdvancedConfiguration.md) - Explore advanced configuration options.
6. [Plugin System Documentation](src/documentation/PluginSystem.md) - Guide to creating and managing plugins.

## Usage Examples

The `Examples` folder contains a set of practical examples demonstrating various features of the phpStack Template System:

1. [Basic Template Rendering](Examples/01_basic_template_rendering.php)
2. [Component Usage](Examples/02_component_usage.php)
3. [Plugin Implementation and Usage](Examples/03_plugin_usage.php)
4. [HTMX Integration](Examples/04_htmx_integration.php)
5. [Caching and Performance Profiling](Examples/05_caching_and_profiling.php)
6. [Plugin Conflict Resolution](Examples/06_plugin_conflict_resolution.php)

These examples provide practical, runnable code that developers can use to understand how to implement and use various features of the phpStack Template System in their projects.

## IDE Autocomplete Support

To enhance the development experience, we provide a stubs file for IDE autocomplete support. This file is automatically included when you install the package via Composer.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the phpStack Template System! Please see our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information on how to get started.

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have questions about using the phpStack Template System, please [open an issue](https://github.com/phpStack/template-system/issues) on our GitHub repository.

## Contact

For additional information or inquiries, you can reach our team at team@phpStack.dev.

---

Thank you for using the phpStack Template System! We hope it enhances your PHP development experience.
